ThunderStore/ReadMe.md, before:

# SpawnableItems for Lethal Company

## Description
Allows non-scrap items (mostly store bought items) to spawn in the dungeon.

## Features
- **Custom Spawns:** Non-scrap items appear in the dungeons.
- **Customization:** Adjust spawn rates of items.

## Usage
To customize the item rarities with SpawnableItems, follow these steps:
1. Start a game lobby in Lethal Company.
2. Close the game to load the configuration for customizing item rarities.

Please note that the configuration changes will only take effect after these steps are completed.

## Compatibility
Not compatible with potatoes.

## Acknowledgments
Based on Spawnable_Store_Items by Ozone: https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Ozone/Spawnable_Store_Items/

## Known Issues
*No known issues at this time. Should you encounter any problems, please feel free to report them on the github. Or dont i dont care.*

## Planned Features
I plan to add custom item spawns for each moon.

## Feedback
If you have any feedback or suggestions, please feel free to not contact me, im antisocial.

---

Commit message:

Found solution for how to get defensive items

ThunderStore/ReadMe.md, after:

# SpawnableItems for Lethal Company

## Description
Allows non-scrap items (mostly store bought items) to spawn in the dungeon.

## Features
- **Custom Spawns:** Non-scrap items appear in the dungeons.
- **Customization:** Adjust spawn rates of items.

## Usage
To customize the item rarities with SpawnableItems, follow these steps:
1. Start a game lobby in Lethal Company.
2. Close the game to load the configuration for customizing item rarities.

Please note that the configuration changes will only take effect after these steps are completed.

## Compatibility
Not compatible with potatoes.

## Acknowledgments
Based on Spawnable_Store_Items by Ozone: https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/Ozone/Spawnable_Store_Items/

## Known Issues
*No known issues at this time. Should you encounter any problems, please feel free to report them on the github. Or dont i dont care.*

## Planned Features
I plan to add custom item spawns for each moon and special items like shotguns and monster drops.

## Feedback
If you have any feedback or suggestions, please feel free to not contact me, im antisocial.

---
